for me the 22nd anniversary issue of
mega is extremely special because for
the first time we're actually traveling
abroad to shoot a foreign star we
couldn't pick a better time to come to
New York City for this shoot and it also
is the publishing capital especially for
fashion magazines it was the height of
the polar vortex that froze in New York
City
temperature mystical was probably some
of the most stressful days that I've
ever experienced in my life
working with Sara Hawk was actually very
comfortable
I don't normally shoot anymore at all
for years and years and years and so
it's it's it's very scary because you
know you can't go home without the shot
in the beginning it is a little dicey
because they didn't like anything
everything and we're like really good to
do especially you know we were very out
of character when when they looked at
mega because we brought our best issues
and they were really looking into it one
page after the other and they were so
impressed that we were very very best
they even want to subscribe enter these
people who actually work
they were actually built as soon as Tyra
Banks arrived on time it was like an
out-of-body experience but working with
her it was just probably some of the
best memories I've had today I now have
this new benchmark of what professional
employment but it's I guess what a
supermodel is she already knows longer I
know she was at the closer she marched
on to her marker and gave the very first
slice of the day I knew that we were
onto something very very special
we brought a total of 24 gallons to New
York and we narrowed it down to six
downs created for entire of my Rahul RL
Carrie Santiago and I'm sister Veera and
she fell in love with his paranoia
inspired broad-shouldered wrestler
Francis which is what we shot as a
profile I wanted a bit of modern yet
nostalgic with with it earnestly at the
same time so I'm very very excited for
the clears of these hot designer it is
time for them to see what we ever need
oh and more than the mega magazine being
the star or even Tyra I think is the
fitted being a designer
okay I don't understand like you guys
are all parties and I didn't get an
invitation no she's all they said is
tyreq can you do a video for the party
that you're not invited to what's up
what's up Tyra down here and I'm here
celebrating the 22nd anniversary of the
mega magazine imagine 22 years anyway I
hope you guys are having an amazing time
you got the music don't wake up that up
already
don't wake up babe dancing to who you
dance against me JT I'm a lord going on
have fun and of sending love to the
America's Next Top Model fans I love you
guys top is so amazingly huge in the
Philippines it's like go crazy and I
think you guys know I give a lot of love
Filipino designers what's up fancy ah
what's up
see you guys love congratulations on 22
years
I wish I could be there but you know
what I'm not ready for 20 years mega
still moving forward and this time we
are going for global domination my god
has always believed a particular town
and we are now invited and we exchange
by featuring supermodel Tyra Banks on
the cover someone who needs at Filipino
palette is for a class this way this
partnership is only being expect market
mega this year as we saw hi